Add annotations documentation (#32392)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/annotations/_index.md

disable_toc: false
---

## Overview

Annotations let you manually place vertical markers with descriptions on timeseries widgets. Adding annotations can be useful to visually call out key events like deploys, incidents, or spikes. Click any point in time and add a note.

Annotations are available in both dashboards and notebooks. If you export a widget from a dashboard to a notebook, any annotations you've added to the widget persist.

<!-- screenshot -->

## Adding an annotation

1. Create an annotation by:
    - Left-clicking anywhere on a timeseries widget and selecting **Add annotation** from the context menu that appears, or
    - Clicking the X axis on a timeseries
3. Type your comment, and optionally click the timestamp field to manually adjust to the precise time you want to annotate.
4. Optionally change the color of the annotation from the dropdown in the bottom left.
5. Click **Save**.

## Adding multiple annotations

To apply an annotation to multiple timeseries at once:

1. Select the widgets you want to apply the annotation to (or leave everything unselected to apply to all widgets).

> 2. Follow steps 1–4 [above](#adding-an-annotation) to start creating an annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Follow steps 1-4 in [Adding an annotation](#adding-an-annotation) to create an annotation.
```

3. From the **Applying to** dropdown, choose **All widgets** or **Selected widgets**.
4. Click **Save**.

## Editing an annotation

> To edit an annotation you've created, hover over the annotation line, click the three dots menu, and choose **Edit** or **Edit for all widgets**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit an annotation, hover over the annotation line, click the three dots menu, and choose **Edit** or **Edit for all widgets**.
```

---
title: Annotations
description: Learn how to add, customize, and manage annotations on timeseries widgets in dashboards and notebooks to highlight important events.
disable_toc: false
---

## Overview

Annotations let you manually place vertical markers with descriptions on timeseries widgets. Adding annotations can be useful to visually call out key events like deploys, incidents, or spikes. Click any point in time and add a note.

Annotations are available in both dashboards and notebooks. If you export a widget from a dashboard to a notebook, any annotations you've added to the widget persist.

> <!-- screenshot -->

Author: I'd like to add a screenshot -- @amymzhou, what would be a few good example metrics to show?
